apps/landing/README.md, before:

# Dispatch Landing Page

A modern, responsive landing page for Dispatch - a trucking and logistics collaboration platform.

## Features

- **Modern Design**: Clean, professional design with gradient backgrounds and smooth animations
- **Responsive**: Fully responsive design that works on all devices
- **Story-Driven Content**: Compelling narrative about the need for the platform and how it solves problems
- **Six Main Sections**:

  1. Hero Section - Compelling introduction with animated text
  2. Features Section - Core platform features with benefits
  3. Solutions Section - Industry-specific solutions with stats
  4. Pricing Section - Transparent pricing with three tiers
  5. About Section - Company story, values, and mission
  6. Contact Section - Contact form and information

- **Authentication Pages**:

  - Sign In page with email/password and social login options
  - Sign Up page with comprehensive form and social providers
  - Support for Microsoft, Google, and Apple authentication

- **Navigation**: Sticky navigation with smooth scrolling and mobile menu
- **Footer**: Comprehensive footer with links, contact info, and newsletter signup

## Technology Stack

- **Next.js 14** - React framework with App Router
- **TypeScript** - Type safety and better development experience
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **Lucide React** - Beautiful, customizable icons
- **Framer Motion** - Smooth animations and transitions

## Getting Started

1. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Run the development server:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

3. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser

## Project Structure

```
src/
├── app/
│   ├── auth/
│   │   ├── signin/
│   │   │   └── page.tsx
│   │   └── signup/
│   │       └── page.tsx
│   ├── globals.css
│   ├── layout.tsx
│   └── page.tsx
└── components/
    ├── AboutSection.tsx
    ├── ContactSection.tsx
    ├── FeaturesSection.tsx
    ├── Footer.tsx
    ├── HeroSection.tsx
    ├── Navigation.tsx
    ├── PricingSection.tsx
    └── SolutionsSection.tsx
```

## Design Features

- **Color Scheme**: Blue and purple gradients matching the chat interface
- **Typography**: Clean, readable fonts with proper hierarchy
- **Animations**: Subtle animations and hover effects
- **Glass Morphism**: Modern glass-like effects on some elements
- **Gradient Backgrounds**: Beautiful gradient overlays and text effects

## Content Strategy

The landing page tells a compelling story about:

1. **The Problem**: Traditional trucking operations are inefficient
2. **The Solution**: Dispatch streamlines everything
3. **The Benefits**: Specific improvements and ROI
4. **The Proof**: Statistics and social proof
5. **The Action**: Clear calls-to-action throughout

## Customization

- Colors can be customized in `tailwind.config.ts`
- Content can be updated in individual component files
- Styling can be modified in `globals.css`
- Animations can be adjusted in the Tailwind config

## Deployment

The landing page is ready for deployment to any platform that supports Next.js:

- Vercel (recommended)
- Netlify
- AWS Amplify
- DigitalOcean App Platform

## Future Enhancements

- Integration with actual authentication providers
- A/B testing for different versions
- Analytics integration
- SEO optimization
- Performance monitoring

Commit message:

landing: fix video playback in DO (basePath/assetPrefix support, robust autoplay/error handling); config: expose basePath/assetPrefix; docs: DO notes

apps/landing/README.md, after:

# Dispatch Landing Page

A modern, responsive landing page for Dispatch - a trucking and logistics collaboration platform.

## Features

- **Modern Design**: Clean, professional design with gradient backgrounds and smooth animations
- **Responsive**: Fully responsive design that works on all devices
- **Story-Driven Content**: Compelling narrative about the need for the platform and how it solves problems
- **Six Main Sections**:

  1. Hero Section - Compelling introduction with animated text
  2. Features Section - Core platform features with benefits
  3. Solutions Section - Industry-specific solutions with stats
  4. Pricing Section - Transparent pricing with three tiers
  5. About Section - Company story, values, and mission
  6. Contact Section - Contact form and information

- **Authentication Pages**:

  - Sign In page with email/password and social login options
  - Sign Up page with comprehensive form and social providers
  - Support for Microsoft, Google, and Apple authentication

- **Navigation**: Sticky navigation with smooth scrolling and mobile menu
- **Footer**: Comprehensive footer with links, contact info, and newsletter signup

## Technology Stack

- **Next.js 14** - React framework with App Router
- **TypeScript** - Type safety and better development experience
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **Lucide React** - Beautiful, customizable icons
- **Framer Motion** - Smooth animations and transitions

## Getting Started

1. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Run the development server:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

3. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser

## Project Structure

```
src/
├── app/
│   ├── auth/
│   │   ├── signin/
│   │   │   └── page.tsx
│   │   └── signup/
│   │       └── page.tsx
│   ├── globals.css
│   ├── layout.tsx
│   └── page.tsx
└── components/
    ├── AboutSection.tsx
    ├── ContactSection.tsx
    ├── FeaturesSection.tsx
    ├── Footer.tsx
    ├── HeroSection.tsx
    ├── Navigation.tsx
    ├── PricingSection.tsx
    └── SolutionsSection.tsx
```

## Design Features

- **Color Scheme**: Blue and purple gradients matching the chat interface
- **Typography**: Clean, readable fonts with proper hierarchy
- **Animations**: Subtle animations and hover effects
- **Glass Morphism**: Modern glass-like effects on some elements
- **Gradient Backgrounds**: Beautiful gradient overlays and text effects

## Content Strategy

The landing page tells a compelling story about:

1. **The Problem**: Traditional trucking operations are inefficient
2. **The Solution**: Dispatch streamlines everything
3. **The Benefits**: Specific improvements and ROI
4. **The Proof**: Statistics and social proof
5. **The Action**: Clear calls-to-action throughout

## Customization

- Colors can be customized in `tailwind.config.ts`
- Content can be updated in individual component files
- Styling can be modified in `globals.css`
- Animations can be adjusted in the Tailwind config

## Deployment

The landing page is ready for deployment to any platform that supports Next.js:

- Vercel (recommended)
- Netlify
- AWS Amplify
- DigitalOcean App Platform

### DigitalOcean notes

If the app is served under a subpath or via CDN, set the following env vars on the service:

- `NEXT_PUBLIC_BASE_PATH` (e.g., `/landing`)
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_ASSET_PREFIX` (e.g., `https://cdn.example.com`)

The video component resolves asset URLs using these so MP4s load correctly in production. Ensure videos exist under `public/videos/` and are deployed by your platform. If a video can’t be loaded, an animated fallback is shown and the carousel advances automatically.

## Future Enhancements

- Integration with actual authentication providers
- A/B testing for different versions
- Analytics integration
- SEO optimization
- Performance monitoring
